Update screenshots of some blueprint selectors (#43489)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/installation/raspberrypi-other.markdown

{% assign installation_media = "SD card" %}

While we recommend using the {% term "Home Assistant Operating System" %}, you can also use the {% term "Home Assistant Container" %} method to install Home Assistant. Before you continue, be aware of the limitations and differences compared to the {% term "Home Assistant Operating System" %}. You can find more information on the [installation page](/installation/#about-installation-methods). Most notably,

> <a href="/addons">apps</a> are only available with the Home Assistant Operating System.

Author: ```suggestion
<a href="/addons">add-ons</a> are only available with the Home Assistant Operating System.
```
